__________PROLOGUE__________
Night... the full moon casts a pale light over the surroundings of the village cemetery.
Without too much noise, you make your way among the gravestones and crosses, carefully peering and listening.
The clang of metal and it seems someone's muttering is heard nearby.
As you move carefully, you notice a slowly moving figure, dragging a large two-handed sword behind him.
200
In the moonlight, it is clearly visible that this is a skeleton that has risen from the grave.
201
Like a piece of cake, you think as you sheathe your sword.
Although you understand that such open battles with the walking undead are very unsafe.
203
Looking around, not far away you notice a tall crypt, quite matching the description left to you by your employer.
Approaching, you cautiously look inside.
Once your eyes adjust to the darkness, you begin to look around.
In the center, on a low table, you notice a heavy book, next to it lies a small dark orb. To the right in the corner you notice a small wooden chest.
300
When you touch the orb, suddenly you hear a terrifying cry from outside the crypt.
You quickly take the orb and get outside.
Under the pale moonlight you see a dark figure of necromancer...
Necromancer: Aha-ha-ha! Foolish mortal! You think you can steal from Me?!
Now you're gonna die, and shall rise as undead to serve me! ha-ha-ha…
400
With a heart-rending scream, the figure of the necromancer turns into black threads of mist that are rapidly reaching out to you.
Frozen, you watch as they are swallowed up by the dark orb that fell to the ground in the heat of battle.
Looking at the body of the Necromancer, you see only a black robe spread out on the ground. It looks like the orb has absorbed his essence.
As you touch the orb, you notice that it has become freezing cold.
In the distance, a crunch and clang of metal was heard, it seems that new skeletons are approaching.
Without thinking twice you grab the orb, hide it in your backpack, and hastily leave such an inhospitable place…
101